readme/HowToContribute.md, before:


# How to Contribute

## Contributing to Code

There are many ways to contribute to the Code project: logging bugs, submitting pull requests, reporting issues, and creating suggestions.

After cloning and building the repo, check out the [issues list](https://github.com/MPSec/Dashboard/issues). Issues labeled `good first issue` are good candidates to pick up if you are in the code for the first time. If you are contributing significant changes, please discuss with the assignee of the issue first before starting to work on the issue.


## Work Branches

Even if you have push rights on the MPSec/Dashboard repository, **you should create a personal fork and create feature branches** there when you need them. This keeps the main repository clean and your personal workflow cruft out of sight.

## Pull Requests

To enable us to quickly review and accept your pull requests, **always create one pull request per issue and link the issue in the pull request.** Never merge multiple requests in one unless they have the same root cause. Avoid pure formatting changes to code that has not been modified otherwise.

### Where to Contribute

Check out the [full issues list](https://github.com/MPSec/Dashboard/issues) for a list of all potential areas for contributions. 

<!-- There are several reasons we may not accept a pull request like:

* Performance - One of Visual Studio Code's core values is to deliver a lightweight code editor, that means it should perform well in both real and perceived performance.
* User experience - Since we want to deliver a lightweight code editor, the UX should feel lightweight as well and not be cluttered. Most changes to the UI should go through the issue owner and/or the UX team.
* Architectural - The team and/or feature owner needs to agree with any architectural impact a change may make. Things like new extension APIs must be discussed with and agreed upon by the feature owner. -->

To improve the chances to get a pull request merged you should select an issue that is labelled with the `help-wanted` or `bug` labels. If the issue you want to work on is not labelled with help-wanted or bug, you can start a conversation with the issue owner asking whether an external contribution will be considered.

To avoid multiple pull requests resolving the same issue, **let others know you are working on it by saying so in a comment.**

## Suggestions

We're also interested in your feedback for the future of Code. You can submit a suggestion or feature request through the issue tracker. To make this process more effective, we're asking that these include more information to help define them more clearly.

## Translations

We appreciate your localization contributions, either by providing new translations, voting on translations, or suggesting process improvements. 

## Discussion Etiquette

In order to keep the conversation clear and transparent, please limit discussion to English and keep things on topic with the issue. Be considerate to others and try to be courteous and professional at all times.

Commit message:

[#noissue] Update commit message guidelines
- How to contribute로 위치 변경

readme/HowToContribute.md, after:


# How to Contribute

## Contributing to Code

There are many ways to contribute to the Code project: logging bugs, submitting pull requests, reporting issues, and creating suggestions.

After cloning and building the repo, check out the [issues list](https://github.com/MPSec/Dashboard/issues). Issues labeled `good first issue` are good candidates to pick up if you are in the code for the first time. If you are contributing significant changes, please discuss with the assignee of the issue first before starting to work on the issue.


## Work Branches

Even if you have push rights on the MPSec/Dashboard repository, **you should create a personal fork and create feature branches** there when you need them. This keeps the main repository clean and your personal workflow cruft out of sight.

## Pull Requests

To enable us to quickly review and accept your pull requests, **always create one pull request per issue and link the issue in the pull request.** Never merge multiple requests in one unless they have the same root cause. Avoid pure formatting changes to code that has not been modified otherwise.

### Where to Contribute

Check out the [full issues list](https://github.com/MPSec/Dashboard/issues) for a list of all potential areas for contributions. 

<!-- There are several reasons we may not accept a pull request like:

* Performance - One of Visual Studio Code's core values is to deliver a lightweight code editor, that means it should perform well in both real and perceived performance.
* User experience - Since we want to deliver a lightweight code editor, the UX should feel lightweight as well and not be cluttered. Most changes to the UI should go through the issue owner and/or the UX team.
* Architectural - The team and/or feature owner needs to agree with any architectural impact a change may make. Things like new extension APIs must be discussed with and agreed upon by the feature owner. -->

To improve the chances to get a pull request merged you should select an issue that is labelled with the `help-wanted` or `bug` labels. If the issue you want to work on is not labelled with help-wanted or bug, you can start a conversation with the issue owner asking whether an external contribution will be considered.

To avoid multiple pull requests resolving the same issue, **let others know you are working on it by saying so in a comment.**


## Commit message rule

Please follow the [commit message guidelines.](https://github.com/erlang/otp/wiki/writing-good-commit-messages)

~~~
Short (50 chars or less) summary of changes

More detailed explanatory text, if necessary.  Wrap it to about 72
characters or so.  In some contexts, the first line is treated as the
subject of an email and the rest of the text as the body.  The blank
line separating the summary from the body is critical (unless you omit
the body entirely); tools like rebase can get confused if you run the
two together.

Further paragraphs come after blank lines.

  - Bullet points are okay, too

  - Typically a hyphen or asterisk is used for the bullet, preceded by a
    single space, with blank lines in between, but conventions vary here
~~~



## Suggestions

We're also interested in your feedback for the future of Code. You can submit a suggestion or feature request through the issue tracker. To make this process more effective, we're asking that these include more information to help define them more clearly.

## Translations

We appreciate your localization contributions, either by providing new translations, voting on translations, or suggesting process improvements. 

## Discussion Etiquette

In order to keep the conversation clear and transparent, please limit discussion to English and keep things on topic with the issue. Be considerate to others and try to be courteous and professional at all times.
